This kid is quite reasonable
Go back and tell the kings of the Western Regions
The king has already practiced his magic skills
What realm of practice
Are you able to spy?
We Daxia are based on harmony and kindness
If you insist on fighting
I will challenge myself
bloody ease
Unified Frontier
Lao Wang forgive me
I was just ordered to test your skills
Don't worry, I won't kill you.
Whether you fight or not is up to you
Our Daxia has always been based on benevolence and righteousness
We are all neighbors
Go hand in hand
Create a better future together
Great Xia, what kind of person is the Dragon King?
So generous
Bone first
Convincing defeat
I will know when I go back
The lord repaired everything with Great Xia in this life
Get up.
Speak back to the Western Regions Special Trial
The Zhao family dares to guarantee his life that he is a god
You can't let him go like that.
Shut up and dare to make noise
Strict than life
It's an envoy.
From now on
I cut off all contact with the Zhao family in the Western Regions
Hey be careful
Don't panic
The formation of this sentence is only valid for practitioners
Valid only for practitioners
Encourage to retire first
Good boy he is the dragon king
My Zhao family is over
We were all deceived by him.
Western Regions, he just said
This formation is only effective for practitioners
This waste can cross thousands of miles of rivers and mountains
There's only one explanation.
That is, he doesn't know the law at all